Add ability to split integration tests into different groups (#3544)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/test-framework-dev-guide.md

> **_NOTE:_**  This only filters down the tests based on the platform. It will not execute a tests on a platform unless
> the test defines as supporting it.

#### Selecting specific group

> By default, the running will run all test groups. When working on groups of tests it's better to limit to a specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the runner will run all test groups. Each group runs on a dedicated machine instance. When working on groups of tests it's better to limit to a specific
```

framework's API and the `github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pkg/testing/tools`
package for helper utilities.

### Test group

> Every `define.Require` must define a `Group` that it belongs too. All tests with in the same group are executed
> on the same instance. Placing similar tests in the same group allows those tests to run on its own instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every `define.Require` must define a `Group` that it belongs too. Each group is executed on a separate instance with all tests with in the same group executed
on the same instance. Placing similar tests in the same group allows those tests to run on its own instance
```
